Add descriptions to custom solutions (#6312)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: solutions/custom_solutions/META_WhatsApp_Messaging/META_WhatsApp_Messaging_Installation.md

---
uid: META_WhatsApp_Messaging_Installation

> description: Prerequisite and setup steps to install META WhatsApp Messaging, including Meta app creation, WhatsApp setup, and user configuration.

Reviewer: To make this more attractive in the Google search results, I'd prefer to adjust this to an extremely shortened version of the procedure instead of a dry description of the page. As Google describes it, the description has to be a kind of pitch that convinces the user that the page is what they're looking for, so that requires a different kind of language.

```suggestion
description: To install META WhatsApp Messaging, make sure the prerequisites—such as a correctly configured alarm notification app—are met, then install the connector
```
